Akkarawit Piyawin 5410546393

1.How to prepare the requirement changing?
- A project manager decide which process is to followed for handling change request ,and 
  the planed process is discusses with the customer are agreement about how to manage changes.
  [Jalote, Software Project Management in Practice, section 3.2]

2.What is Effort Estimation Models?
- A Software estimation model defines the project characteristics whose values it needs and 
  the ways these values are used to compute the effort.
  [Jalote, Software Project Management in Practice, section 4.1]

3.Defind the software testing level at least 2 level.
- Unit testing: It is basically done by the developers to make sure that their code is working fine 
  and meet the user specifications. They test their piece of code which they have written like classes, 
  functions, interfaces and procedures.

- Component testing: It is also called as module testing. The basic difference between the unit testing 
  and component testing is in unit testing the developers test their piece of code but in component testing 
  the whole component is tested. 

- Integration testing: Integration testing is done when two modules are integrated, in order to test 
  the behavior and functionality of both the modules after integration.
  
  [http://istqbexamcertification.com/what-are-software-testing-levels/]

4.What is the cost of defects?
- The cost of defects can be measured by the impact of the defects and when we find them. Earlier the defect 
  is found lesser is the cost of defect.The correction to the requirement specification can be done and then 
  it can be re-issued. In the same way when defect or error is found in the design then the design can be corrected 
  and it can be re-issued. But if the error is not caught in the specifications and is not found till the user 
  acceptance then the cost to fix those errors or defects will be way too expensive.

   [http://istqbexamcertification.com/what-is-the-cost-of-defects-in-software-testing/]